Many applications and services lend themselves for monitoring and maintenance.
When you run into an application that does not is no less important to monitor,
alert, and maintain these applications.
It's probably more important.
You may find yourself needing to go to extremes in
order to pull these systems into your monitoring framework.
But if you do not,
you're putting yourself at risk for letting faults go undetected.
If you don't monitor all of your components may wind up with
your customers being the ones who tell you that some part of your system is down.
This is something that you can and must avoid.
Insuring coverage of all the components of your platform.
Documenting and training staff to understand
the platform and practicing what you do in case of outages,
will help ensure the highest up-time for your company.